So based on current direction from the branch, it seems best that we implement the adjustment that we discuss.
Here's one approach we could take.
I'd never consider handling the situation this way.
And when you look at the direction, to me, it could be interpreted a number of ways.
We'll probably be right back here on his next visit, having to fix all this.
Can you get your thoughts on something?
The seals direction.
You've been serving for years.
Does this approach make sense to you?
Does this approach make sense to me?
If I'm honest, no.
In fact, I struggle with it through the whole meeting.
That's why I just needed a moment to get my mind right.
What do you mean by that?
Well, I had to remind myself of something.
And this scripture came to mind.
Read verse 22.
Look, to obey is better than a sacrifice, and to pay attention than the fat of rams.
Okay, I get that.
But maybe he hasn't thought it all through.
Well, you know, we all give our thoughts on the matter.
And ultimately, the circuit overseer gave direction based on what he got from the branch office.
I just had to remind myself that it's not about me or what I think.
In fact, I just need to be patient.
Obey the direction.
The rest is up to Jehovah.
You're right.
Thanks.
Trust me.
I need that reminder from Jehovah just as much as you.
I appreciate you sharing that with me.
Sure.